0x05. Processes and signals
process - is an executing instance of the program
PID(process ID) - is an indentification number that is automatically assigned to each process when it is created on UNIX or LINUX O.S
signals - is an event generated by the unix/linux system in response to some condition.
    Types of signals:
    1. Maskable - signal that can be changed or ignored by the user.
        eg Ctrl + c
    2. Non-maskable - signals that cannot be changed or ignored by the user
example of signals
    Signal	Description
SIGHUP	Hang-up detected on controlling terminal or death of controlling process.
SIGINT	Issued if the user sends an interrupt signal (Ctrl + C).
SIGQUIT	Issued if the user sends a quit signal (Ctrl + D).
SIGFPE	Issued if an illegal mathematical operation is attempted.
SIGKILL	If a process gets this signal, it must quit immediately and will not perform any clean-up operations.
SIGTERM	Software termination signal (sent kill by default).
SIGALRM	Alarm clock signal (used for timers).

Different commands for process management.
1. Top command - track the running process on your machine.
command: top
command are: PID.
             User.
             PR
             NI- 'nice'
             VIRT
             RES
             SHR
             S- state of process
             'S'- sleeping
             'T'- traced/stopped
             'Z'- zombie
             %CPU.
             MEM
             TIME+
             command
2. ps (process status) command - displays current running process
command: ps
         ps -u
         ps -A - lists all the processes
         STAT- process state
3. stop a process
command: kill
         kill -L - lists all the signals

synatax to kill a process is:
            kill [pid]
                or
            kill -9 [pid]
4. change priority of a process (Niceness value).
N/B:
    To start a process and give it a nice value than default is:
        nice -n [value] [procesname]
    To change value of a process already running is:
        renice [value] -p 'PID'
